.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.TH PYCALLGRAPH 1 "2008-07-08" "pycallgraph version 0.5.1" "User Commands"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pycallgraph \- command-line interface to pycallgraph
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pycallgraph
[\fIOPTION\fR]... \fIpythonfile
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents \fBpycallgraph\fP.
This manual page was originally written for the Debian distribution.
.PP
\fIpycallgraph\fP is a program that creates call graphs for Python programs.
\fBpycallgraph\fP is the command line interface to \fIpycallgraph\fP's
\fImake_dot_graph\fP method, which generates a call graph and stores it as an
image in the specified image file.
.HP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-output-file
.IP
the file name of the output image. Default: pycallgraph.png
.HP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-image-format
.IP
the image format of imagefile. Default: png
.HP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet
.IP
Suppress status output to the console.
.HP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-tool
.IP
the tool from \fIGraphViz\fP to use. Default: dot
.HP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-stdlib
.IP
include standard library functions in the trace. Default: False
.HP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-include
.IP
wildcard pattern of modules to include in the output. You can have multiple
include arguments
.HP
\fB\-e\fR, \fB\-\-exclude
.IP
wildcard pattern of modules to exclude in the output. You can have multiple
exclude arguments
.HP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-max\-depth
.IP
maximum stack depth to trace
.HP
\fB\-\-exclude\-timing
.IP
wildcard pattern of modules to exclude in time measurement. You can have
multiple exclude arguments
.HP
\fB\-\-include\-timing
.IP
wildcard pattern of modules to include in time measurement. You can have
multiple include arguments
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Create a call graph called pycallgraph.png on myprogram.py:
.IP
pycallgraph ./myprogram.py
.PP
Create a call graph of a standard Python installation script with command line
parameters:
.IP
pycallgraph \-\-output-file=setup.png \-\- setup.py \-\-dry\-run install
.PP
Only see the module "distutils" within the execution of easy_install:
.IP
pycallgraph \-\-include=distutils.* /usr/bin/easy_install
.SH AUTHORS
pycallgraph and pycallgraph were written by Gerald Kaszuba <pycallgraph@slowchop.com>.
.LP
This manual page was originally written by Jan Alonzo
<jmalonzo@unpluggable.com>, for the Debian GNU/Linux system.
